It was
ready to pass
among Japanese athletes who have reached the myth category
the nissan gtr st
thanks to two turbos and with only six cylinders in model arrive 2012 delivery
530 horses
45 more than the 3d version
v
the ppr is a sports
and when he unleashes all his anger there is not the slightest concession to the boot
your most eye-catching cover letter
ppr 2012 that is capable of going from zero to one hundred kilometers per hour in just
three seconds and four miles
an unreachable record for his rivals
I'm not thinking about the most frightening performance of a miracle
london reuters - the regular form with which the sensations will tell me
of lateral acceleration world are not only the 530 horses is actually
has no margin and 700 kilos of weight initialed its volume left the
order of the 23 seconds is assuming in a month my previous impression
the average world number as demanding as it is a musical in which it takes the worst
part because without a doubt the beating the psoe incumben on the side of the Pyrenees
2 - st nissan sell in 2012 a month has improved with respect to the version
previous world to 10 millimeters in diameter a ring and is that the same
they are signed so they are both spectacular and it worked very well
however no resistance does not size the world the potential in this way
unconscious samuelson earns a lot by mango much less problems of
performance
martín alba ends up taking its toll on those who insure the media together with
day length to the minimum
the ctr make good the saying that the face is the mirror of the soul
appearances do not cheat
his shameless images
do not look for the sensual ideas of European sports
Note that everything is designed for maximum efficiency
this year the horizontal waves of the bumpers were introduced
front
in which some are integrated
that act as daytime running lights
and with which they sharpen
it was possible to increase the aerodynamic support by 10%
The lightest 20-inch wheels are also new and after
they hide improved brembo brakes
majority discs
since prc has won a place among the most spectacular supercars
of the world derick of figures are not everything
but this is proven
the porsche 911 turbo s is the one that most resembles it by type of engines
expiration
he also has 530 horses
and offers almost 90 minutes more meter of torque
you almost three tenths slower accelerating from 0 to 100 kilometers
hour
and it costs almost double
the ferrari 4 58 italy is nothing less than 120 thousand euros more expensive
in exchange the exciting v8 offers 48 more horses
nothing less than nine thousand revolutions but a much less crushing pair
to accelerate
from zero to one hundred kilometers per hour need four tenths more than the
month
the mac laren mp4 12c is the last to reach the exclusive world of the super
sports and boasts more power still ahead of our
protagonist in more than 60 countries
It is the only one that footwear with competition tires is capable of
equalize with acceleration
0 to 100 are covered three with two seconds
today they use three with zero
but with a nuance the pirelli p zero plus
yes
once again the price is so outrageously unfavorable
as in the case of the dog
if we want to find cars that overcome gtr accelerating from 0 to 100
we must enter into land too explosive
we could almost say that it is vacant
the bugatti veyron the million euro car and the changing rooms
he does it in just two with five seconds
the coni fell
I bought Circus Attention very similar to those of the debate improves the registration of
ctr for just one time
the apolo gamper is noticeably more economical
It only costs about 300 thousand euros but still is the price of 3 jeter despite
it accelerating according to
If we want to clearly beat Nissan, price-performance ratio
we have to look for a radical sr3
costs you about 80 thousand euros and accelerates in three sets
yes it is a racetrack enrolled in Great Britain
but hardly legalizable to circulate on the roads
désiré momboza of one hundred thousand euros is cheap can be up to a few
of the truth
but if we compare the nissan gtr European consumers the truth is that
it's a cheap car
they cost almost twice the truth is that they have some finishes and a glamor
image far superior to that of the council with that
It is also true that at the mechanical level of performance
and fun and quality at the wheel
This car has nothing to envy and that's why I'm going to go for a ride now
keep enjoying I hope that until now you who have enjoyed
as much as I recording this medium
until next time